In a hole in the ground there lived five hill men. Not a stinky, mouldy hole. No, no. It was a homely hole. And inside lived I, Hansel and my brother Dengel, he was quite the simpleton, but has a heart of gold. But that was only two out of five. Third was Erombur, he was fat! But also, our cook. Fourth in our party the old sage, no one could spell his name, it was too hard to even say it properly. He taught us to read and write and was like a father figure to us all. 
And lastly, our leader, Jano from the Slavic lands. It was the year 1584 as we finally made ourselves fully at home in our little cave. We just greeted our new member of our company. His name was 
.
I remember Erombur was cooking our dinner since it was already past eight. Our hole was situated on the southern slopes of that big mountain underneath a waterfall. Quite lovely. I was sleeping in the warm evening sun. The old sage was telling stories and we were having a good time, a scream woke all to high awareness.
Our new companion decided to go and look if there was trouble ahead. We did not hear from him for a while. So me and Dengel decided to check for him. That was an error on our part, if we went in full force we might have defeated the threat at hand. But how ever that may be we went and the more we walked, the closer light of fire could be seen. There was a giant campfire that we walking towards. We saw our new companion bound up in the corner. He said something about giants hidden away...
Well, that is when the bad started. There stood three massive bandits. Almost troll-like! They grabbed us hill-men, before knowing what was up and down. The huge bandit Tom had Dengel and I. After a time the other hillmen came to look for us. Bjornd grabbed Jano and the Sage, and Billy, the biggest of them all, struggled with picking up Erombur. 
Erombur was fat, and angry to give a fight like one would do if you were about to be picked up by a giant. At last, they had overwhelmed everyone. I listened to the three guys talking, well let me say this. If you ever knew giant bandits at all, the thing they are known for at the very least is their course and rough language.
Bernd: „Fresh meat! What shall we make of them? Make them work in our little mine we might? Or build us a nice little castle “. Bill: „And if they don ‘t I ‘ll have a nice meal of them “. Tom: „Shut your mouth! You had already enough last week when you ate the entire horse from that lordling.“. Yes, alas they did not have the nicest manners in terms of speech. But what did you expect from giant robbers. Now there we were and in a nice pickle we got ourselves in, but then something happened. The giants started arguing with themselves. In the end it came out someone was tricking them.
They started arguing with the bandits, agreeing with Bernd while squandering Bill's ideas. Putting a wedge between the two, all the while Tom yelled „Shut ya mouth little boogers, or I ‘ll plug them, aight?! This continued till the three were at each one’s throat! They started to fight! One stumbled onto the other, then they formed a massive bolder rolling, while still fighting, down the hill into the sea. Never to be seen again. And out came the dark sourcerer Crimson... He was dark and evil fellow.
Erombur sighed for he was fat, and hungry. Suddenly the battalion of Fort Dun showed up. Crimson declared that he had caught the robbers. No explanation sufficed to them. That we were captives and not the robbers. „Sure, three giant bandits, rolled into the ocean” the commander said. They put us into shackles. And they carried us all into Fort Dun for questioning and then likely prison for life, if not death by hanging.
There was a cell for two each. Dengel and I got into the yellow cell. Jano and the old Sage were put into the violet cell. After they did, they put our new companion with Erombur into one cell. They forcibly had to roll Erombur into the red cell. Erombur did not fit through the door, since it was the slimmest of the three cells. It took five men to put him there. With that we were all in quite a bigger pickle, nothing could be done. 
Well, something was done, otherwise I would never had been able to escape to write this. How it might be the old sage came up with an idea. It was a night when the guard had gotten to taste a share of the best wine from Archos, by the Coconut Bay. The lord was giving a feast, so it was told.
Well, the guard was drinking and in a good mood. Sage started distracting the guard, with pretty good stories. They were so good that the guard plain, maybe also due to being drunk, had all his focus onto the Sage. And the guard became so sleepy from all the laughter while being drunk, that he plain dropped. Our new companion sneakily lifted his key from the guards belt, who was sitting right against Eromburs little cell.
They opened each cell. Clank, the yellow cell was open. Clonk the violet was open. But once Jano opened the yellow cell we noticed. We could not pull out Erombur, for he was too fat. It took five at least to push him inside. And there were only four of us. Had it not been for 
.
He was on the other side of the cell pushing as hard as he could. At last we squeezed out Erombur and made it. We escaped through the roof and noticed that the entrance gate was closed. But Erombur knew the trick. The room lead down a ramp to the gate. So Erombur with all his might rolled down the gate and burst it open.
We escaped into the hills. Back in our cave we were thinking, planning on leaving the island. It was no use of thinking of staying that was clear. That is when Crimson appeared behind us. He explained that it was his plan in tricking the Lord to believe that we were the robbers and not the giants, whom he hired to get rid of us. His aim was to get hold of potential gold which lay underneath our cave, so he said.
Unbeknownst to him Lord Bard snuck up behind him. Crimson was startled, his plan was foiled for the Lord himself was suspecting foul play. He was merely playing along! He ordered Crimson to be arrested, not before Crimson tried to escape with one of its magic tricks. He didn't manage he got caught in the end and we had a little party in our cave, telling stories and laughing. All the while Crimson was fueling with anger sitting bound up in the corner. We were given the lands about the cave as a reward and said that he would give us leave to build a mine. I am thankful for it all, the good and the bad. For in the end all went well.
The Sage is now planning his mansion off the coast of Cape Dun, he visits us every now and again. The rest of us are digging eagerly to dig gold. We have a bright future in front of us. THE END.