In a hole in the ground there lived five hill men. Not a stinky, mouldy hole. No, no. It was a homely hole. And inside lived I, Hansel and my brother Dengel. He was quite the simpleton, but has a heart of gold. But that was only two out of five. Third was Erombur, he was fat! But also, our cook. Fourth in our party the old sage, no one could spell his name, it was too hard to even say it properly. He taught us to read and write and was like a father figure to us all. 
And lastly, our leader, Jano from the Slavic lands. It was the year 1584 as we finally made ourselves fully at home in our little cave. I remember Erombur was cooking our dinner since it was already past eight. Our hole was situated on the southern slopes of that big mountain underneath a waterfall. Quite lovely. I was sleeping in the warm evening sun. The old sage was reading a book. And Jano was smoking his pipe, after a while, as it got dark, and the company had its full share of a meal, and most had already fallen asleep, a scream woke all to high awareness.
Every now and again we drank some gloriously brewed ale from our barrel and the days were as sunny as the night was clear and chilly. But sometimes, one or two of us could hear, or make out screams, in the distance. Goat like, man like. I would wish we would have heeded them sooner; it was the start of this sad tale. However that may be, Sage kept inventing interesting stories, quite scary ones if I may say so, that all of us slept uneasy during the night. I will not recall these stories now; 
it just breaks my heart after all that happened after. Well, when the bad started, it was a stormy night. The old sage called Jano: "There are footsteps haling through the night". This went on for a time when all the sudden there stood three massive bandits. Almost troll-like! They grabbed the hill-men one by one, before knowing what was up and down. The huge bandit Tom had Dengel and I. Bjornd grabbed Jano and the Sage, and Billy, the biggest of them all, struggled with picking up Erombur. 
Erombur was fat, and angry to give a fight like one would do if you were about to be picked up by a giant. At last, they had overwhelmed everyone. They had carried us for a time, seemed to me like an eternity, until I could make out a source of light coming closer and closer. It was a huge campfire, almost a bonfire. They had bound us all and thrown us into a corner of the wood. I listened to the three guys talking, well let me say this. If you ever knew giant bandits at all, the thing they are known for at the very least is their course and rough language.
Bernd: „Fresh meat! What shall we make of them? Make them work in our little mine we might? Or build us a nice little castle “. Bill: „And if they don‘t I ‘ll have a nice meal of them “. Tom: „Shut your mouth! You had already enough last week when you ate the entire horse from that lordling.“. Yes, alas they did not have the nicest manners in terms of speech. But what did you expect from giant robbers. Now there we were and in a nice pickle we got ourselves in, but then something happened. The giants started arguing with themselves. In the end it came out someone was tricking them.
They started arguing with the bandits, agreeing with Bernd while squandering Bill's ideas. Putting a wedge between the two, all the while Tom yelled „Shut ya mouth little boogers, or I ‘ll plug them, aight?! This continued till the three were at each one’s throat! They started to fight! One stumbled onto the other, then they formed a massive bolder rolling, while still fighting, down the hill into the sea. Never to be seen again. And out came the dark sourcerer Crimson... He was dark and evil fellow.
Erombur sighed for he was fat, and hungry. Suddenly the battalion of Fort Dun showed up. Crimson declared that he had caught the robbers. No explanation sufficed to them. That we were captives and not the robbers. „Sure, three giant bandits, rolled into the ocean” the commander repeated sarcastically. They put us into shackles. And they carried us all into Fort Dun for questioning and then likely prison for life, if not death by hanging.
There was a cell for two each. Dengel and I got into the yellow cell. Jano and the old Sage were put into the violet cell. After they did, they forcibly rolled Erombur into the red cell. Erombur did not fit through the door, since it was the slimmest of the three cells. It took five men to put him there. With that we were all in quite a bigger pickle, nothing could be done. 
Well, something was done, otherwise I would never had been able to escape to write this. But it had cost the life of my brother, Jano, and the old sage. How it might be, the old sage came up with an idea. It was a night when the guard had gotten to taste a share of the best wine from Archos, by the Coconut Bay. The lord was giving a feast, so it was told.
Well, the guard was drinking and in a good mood. Sage started distracting the guard, with pretty good stories. They were so good that the guard plain, maybe also due to being drunk, had all his focus onto the Sage. And the guard became so sleepy from all the laughter while being drunk, that he plain dropped. Erombur lifted his key from the guards belt, who was sitting right against Eromburs little cell.
They opened each cell. Clank, the yellow cell was open. Clonk the violet was open. But once Jano opened the yellow cell we noticed. We could not pull out Erombur, for he was too fat. It took five at least to push him inside. And there were only four of us. Erombur said: „Oww man. I will never have roasted chicken again, I fear. Anyway, go my friends. I won’t tell them where you went“.
So, we paid our respect to Erombur and hesitated to leave him. But since the window of opportunity might soon close, we had to be on a run. Hurry we did, out. Jano took a sword, which belonged to the drowsy guard. But he left his shield. There was a guard in the tower that night who was not drunk nor drowsy, he was sober and keen. And he saw us passing by. In an instant he yelled for guards. When we reached the gate, we were caught by another man. A quarrel started and seeing the sword in the hand of Jano, the one pulled his trying to hit at Jano. 
He missed and his sword fell onto the person right next to Jano, who was the old sage. He fell to the ground and had died. Stricken with grief and all the while the guard was shocked, we had been overwhelmed. Dengel had taken the key to the main gate from the guard, and while Jano was still glancing back at the old sage, we had to move. The gate opened, Clong! We ran out. All the while the alarm was still going, and arrows started flying over our heads. Had one of us taken the shields of the guard, we might have been able to come out unscathed.
The arrows flew and hit Jano thrice. He stayed and waved us to leave. I ran as much as I could, but I noticed that Dengel was falling behind fast, for he had gotten two arrows. One in his upper leg, and one through his left shoulder. At last, he fell on his knees and while lying in my arms he said: „Hansel, my brother. I am dying. “. I said: „We can mend this! You don ‘t need to die “. Dengel said: „Pray for me that I may find peace in heaven “. And just like that he passed away. I, Hansel alone made it out alive and unscathed. 
I buried Dengel. And I prayed for everyone else as well. Later I found out that Erombur had been in the cell for seven years before he passed in his cell. How could so much grief have happened to us. I am writing this on the chair in our old cave and grief is striking at my heart. What an evil fortune.