In a hole in the ground there lived five hill men. Not a stinky, mouldy hole. No, no. It was a homely hole. And inside lived I, Hansel and my brother Dengel, he was quite the simpleton, but has a heart of gold. But that was only two out of five. Third was Erombur, he was fat! But also, our cook. Fourth in our party the old sage, no one could spell his name, it was too hard to even say it properly. He taught us to read and write and was like a father figure to us all. 
And lastly, our leader, Jano from the Slavic lands. It was the year 1584 as we finally made ourselves fully at home in our little cave. We just greeted our new member of our company. His name was 
.
I remember Erombur was cooking our dinner since it was already past eight. Our hole was situated on the southern slopes of that big mountain underneath a waterfall. Quite lovely. I was sleeping in the warm evening sun. The old sage was telling stories and we were having a good time, a scream woke all to high awareness.
Our new companion decided to go and look if there was trouble ahead. We did not hear from him for a while. Then he sprang out of the bushes. Afraid as if of death he told Jano there were giants down the hill! He went right away and reported to the lord. While we prepared the trap. Us hillmen and the guards were going to trap the giants in a cave underneath Fort Dun.
The bait? Erombur... Because giants are usually hungry and Erombur was mightily built. They might have wanted him as a cook, obviously, so he was the best guess as bait. Erombur did not like the idea. And so it was that Erombur was running for his life with the giants chasing him just behind. And they took the bait! We and the lords guards surrounded the giants in a dime and took them out!
We all cheered, Erombur was breathing very hard, he was about to pass out. The lord came and greeted us, thanking us for our bravery and the cunning of our new companion. They invited us in for a feast. The servant of Lord Bard was called Crimson, and he was weirdly sarcastic about it all. Now dear readers you may think this is a happy end of the story, but alas the feast was of short duration.
The feast itself was pretty good. After the table prayer we ate, Jano was teaching Erombur how to use a fork instead of just lunging it all into the mouth. We had a good time, then the Lord just dropped face first into his soup bowl! "They poisoned our Lord! Get them!" Crimson accused all too easily. It was evident that something was wrong about the situation.
Crimson was a dark sourcerer. The grandson of the great evil sourcerer from the continent, whom the grandfather of Lord Bard had battle with to save princess Luthiana. His mind was always about scheming evil plans and deceiving innocent lives. This was the case with us as well.
There was a cell for two each. Dengel and I got into the yellow cell. Jano and the old Sage were put into the violet cell. After they did, they put our new companion with Erombur into one cell. They forcibly had to roll Erombur into the red cell. Erombur did not fit through the door, since it was the slimmest of the three cells. It took five men to put him there. With that we were all in quite a bigger pickle, nothing could be done. 
Well, something was done, otherwise I would never had been able to escape to write this. How it might be the old sage came up with an idea. It was a night when the guard had gotten to taste a share of the best wine from Archos, by the Coconut Bay.
Well, the guard was drinking and in a good mood. Sage started distracting the guard, with pretty good stories. They were so good that the guard plain, maybe also due to being drunk, had all his focus onto the Sage. And the guard became so sleepy from all the laughter while being drunk, that he plain dropped. Our new companion sneakily lifted his key from the guards belt, who was sitting right against Eromburs little cell.
They opened each cell. Clank, the yellow cell was open. Clonk the violet cell was open. But once Jano opened the yellow cell we noticed. We could not pull out Erombur, for he was too fat. It took five at least to push him inside. And there were only four of us. Had it not been for 
.
He was on the other side of the cell pushing as hard as he could. At last we squeezed out Erombur and made it. We escaped through the roof and noticed that the entrance gate was closed. But Erombur knew the trick. The room lead down a ramp to the gate. So Erombur with all his might rolled down the gate and burst it open.
We escaped into the hills. Back in our cave we were thinking, planning on leaving the island. It was no use of thinking of staying that was clear. That is when Crimson appeared behind us. He explained that it was his plan in tricking the Lord to believe that we were the robbers and not the giants, whom he hired to get rid of us. His aim was to get hold of potential gold which lay underneath our cave, so he said.
Unbeknownst to him Lord Bard snuck up behind him. Crimson was startled, his plan was foiled for the Lord himself was suspecting foul play, he didn't die after drinking from the cup which was supposedly poisoned. He was merely playing along! He ordered Crimson to be arrested, not before Crimson tried to escape with one of its magic tricks. He didn't manage, and he got caught in the end and we had a little party in our cave, telling stories and laughing. All the while Crimson was fueling with anger sitting bound up in the corner. We were given the lands about the cave as a reward and said that he would give us leave to build a mine. I am thankful for it all, the good and the bad. For in the end all went well.
The Sage is now planning his mansion off the coast of Cape Dun, he visits us every now and again. The rest of us are digging eagerly to dig gold. We have a bright future in front of us. THE END.